On Halloween night, Will saw, a sort of
shadow.
Maybe all this
is happening for a reason.
These are not nightmares.
It's happening.
And it all leads back
to here.
This thing, you said it was all
in his head! And what
have you done? Nothing.
What is wrong with my boy! I don't
understand.
Eleven would, she always
did.
It's like it's reaching into Hawkins.
If anyone
knows how to destroy this thing, it's
Will.
Don't
you think it's weird, how we always
seem to hang out when the world is about
to end.
It's not like it was before, its grown.
It's judgement day, which
is why we need as much help as we can
get.
Is anyone there! ANYONE! You should go
now, it's almost here.
RUN! You still
have that bat? Bat? What bat? The one
with the nails.